Hello, which sword master?
What Kowloon Sword Ancestor Swordsman?
That's right, Mr. Jianzun
What advice do you have?
heard
You issued death threats to all the wealthy families in Beidu
Is that so?
Mr. Jianzun's news is quite well-informed
What's the matter, Mr. Tsim Dun?
I don't care about your global reach.
But Daxia is my birthplace
Also my guardian
I will not allow any forces to set foot here
Do you understand?
You are going to manage the business of the wealthy Beidu family.
You can put it this way
Mr. Jian Zun
Your influence is renowned around the world
But I still want to remind you that
Kowloon Hall has a wide range of strategies
Mostly for business
And I Hades Organization
It's a deadly thing to do.
For three years, I discouraged nations.
Certainly.
I have great respect for Mr. Jianzun
I don't want to dislike you.
But if you want to touch me
I'm afraid the consequences will be unpredictable.
I don't want to talk to you
I'll tell you what.
Annoying me is the worst consequence for you
Think about it yourself
how
Are you declaring war on me? Then declare war
OK, let's go to war.
Oh, I owe you respect.
Let's turn it upside down.
Send me the order immediately
Physical examination of the massacre plan of the wealthy families in Beidu
Another terrorist attack on the Kowloon Temple